Update dev workflow documentation related to notebooks development and testing (#378)
Ouranosinc/raven: docs/source/dev_guide.rst

.. WARNING:: To create new processes look at examples in Emu_.

Re-create a fresh environment
-----------------------------

.. code-block:: console

>   $ make stop  # in case you previously did 'make start'

Reviewer: `make restart` ?

  $ conda deactivate  # exit the current 'raven' conda env so we can destroy it

>   $ conda env remove -n raven  # destroy the current conda env to recreate one from scratch

Reviewer 2: I think it would be worthwhile to rename the conda env to `ravenwps` (in `environment.yaml`) in order to avoid confusion. Not sure how disruptive this would be in production so that's just a suggestion of course.

Reviewer 3: I've been using `raven-wps` in the rest of the docs. If we change it, we could make the adjustment everywhere (install docs, environment.yml, etc.), so that it's less confusing.

Author: Yeah, change should be in a different PR, it involves more than just documentation update.  @cjauvin if you want to open a different issue to we do not forget about it?

Reviewer 2: sure! the repo itself would also benefit from such a change also

    $ make test-all
    $ make lint

Running notebooks tests
-----------------------

> Asume the ``raven`` conda env has already been created and is up-to-date and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Assuming that the ``raven`` conda env has already been created and is up-to-date and
```

raven-wps has been installed with ``make develop``.

.. code-block:: console

    # start local raven-wps server to test against
    $ make start  # remember to make stop once done

    # to test all notebooks
    $ make test-notebooks

    OR

>     # to test juste 1 notebook (note the .run at the end of the notebook path)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # to test a single notebook (note the .run at the end of the notebook path)
```

    $ make docs/source/notebooks/Assess_probabilistic_flood_risk.ipynb.run

> The notebooks also requires other WPS services (Finch and Flyingpigeon).  By

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The notebooks may also require other WPS services (Finch and Flyingpigeon).  By
```

default these are from the production server but we can point the notebooks to
local servers if needed for development purposes:

.. code-block:: console

    # to test all notebooks
    $ make FLYINGPIGEON_WPS_URL=http://localhost:8093 FINCH_WPS_URL=http://localhost:5000 test-notebooks

    OR

>     # to test juste 1 notebook (note the .run at the end of the notebook path)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # to test a single notebook (note the .run at the end of the notebook path)
```

    $ make FLYINGPIGEON_WPS_URL=http://localhost:8093 FINCH_WPS_URL=http://localhost:5000 docs/source/notebooks/Assess_probabilistic_flood_risk.ipynb.run

If instead we want to run the notebooks against the production raven-wps server
or any other raven-wps servers:

.. code-block:: console

    # to test all notebooks
    $ make WPS_URL=https://pavics.ouranos.ca/twitcher/ows/proxy/raven/wps test-notebooks

    OR

    # to test juste 1 notebook (note the .run at the end of the notebook path)
    $ make WPS_URL=https://pavics.ouranos.ca/twitcher/ows/proxy/raven/wps docs/source/notebooks/Assess_probabilistic_flood_risk.ipynb.run

> We can also override all 3 of the server variables (WPS_URL, FINCH_WPS_URL,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We can also override all three of the server variables (WPS_URL, FINCH_WPS_URL,
```

> We can also override all 3 of the server variables (WPS_URL, FINCH_WPS_URL,
> FLYINGPIGEON_WPS_URL) and be able to choose and pick any servers anywhere we
> want.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We can also override all three of the server variables (WPS_URL, FINCH_WPS_URL,
FLYINGPIGEON_WPS_URL)to pick and choose any servers/services from anywhere we want.
```

Starting local Jupyter server to edit/develop notebooks
-------------------------------------------------------

> Asume the ``raven`` conda env has already been created and is up-to-date and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Assuming that the ``raven`` conda env has already been created and is up-to-date and
```

raven-wps has been installed with ``make develop``.

.. code-block:: console

    # start local raven-wps server to test against
    $ make start  # remember to make stop once done

    # to start local jupyter notebook server listing all current notebooks
    $ make notebook  # Control-C to terminate once done

>     # Can also override all 3 WPS_URL, FINCH_WPS_URL and FLYINGPIGEON_WPS_URL here as well,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # Can also override all three WPS_URL, FINCH_WPS_URL and FLYINGPIGEON_WPS_URL here as well,
```

    # just like 'make test-notebooks' to be able to pick and choose any servers anywhere we want.

>     # By overridding these variables at 'make notebook' step we will not need to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # By overriding these variables at the 'make notebook' step we will not need to
```

>     # By overridding these variables at 'make notebook' step we will not need to
>     # override them one by one in each notebook because each notebook also look
>     # for those variables as environment variables.
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # By overriding these variables at the 'make notebook' step, we will not need to
    # override them one by one in each notebook as each notebook will also look
    # for those environment variables.

```

Bulk refresh all notebooks output
---------------------------------

This automated refresh only works for notebooks that passed ``make
test-notebooks`` above.  For those that failed, manually starting a local
Jupyter server and refresh them manually.

> Asume the ``raven`` conda env has already been created and is up-to-date and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Assuming that the ``raven`` conda env has already been created and is up-to-date and
```

raven-wps has been installed with ``make develop``.

.. code-block:: console

    # start local raven-wps server to test against
    $ make start  # remember to make stop once done

    # to refresh all notebooks
    $ make refresh-notebooks

    OR

>     # to refresh juste 1 notebook (note the .refresh at the end of the notebook path)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # to refresh a single notebook (note the .refresh at the end of the notebook path)
```

    $ make docs/source/notebooks/Assess_probabilistic_flood_risk.ipynb.refresh

>     # Can also override all 3 WPS_URL, FINCH_WPS_URL and FLYINGPIGEON_WPS_URL here as well,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # Can also override all three of the server variables (WPS_URL, FINCH_WPS_URL and FLYINGPIGEON_WPS_URL) here as well,
```

>     # just like 'make test-notebooks' to be able to pick and choose any servers anywhere we want.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # just like 'make test-notebooks' to be able to pick and choose any servers/services from anywhere we want.
```

    $ make test-all
    $ make lint

Running notebooks tests
-----------------------

Asume the ``raven`` conda env has already been created and is up-to-date and
raven-wps has been installed with ``make develop``.

.. code-block:: console

    # start local raven-wps server to test against

>     $ make start  # remember to make stop once done

Reviewer 2: First of all: I really applaud the spirit of this PR! :clap: 

Here I would try to be more clear about the fact that `make start` and the other two subsequent testing commands (test all or only one notebook) are meant to be run in parallel (ideally using two consoles).

Reviewer 2: I just tried it and realized that `make start` now starts the server in background, so it changes what I said. However I prefer to run a dev server in the foreground while testing locally, to clearly see what is happening.

Author: I actually prefer them (`make start` and the `make test-notebooks`) in the same console so the server-side error is aggregated/interleaved with notebook error.  In 2 different consoles, you'll have to manually match which server error is for which notebook but then the console is cleaner (no interleaving of server and notebook error).

So I think this is down to a personal preference so might not want to include that in the procedure.
